If you dare to hit me, you will hit me
I'll tell you what.
Today I will sleep with your wife in front of you
Somebody break this dog's hammer
Manager Wang, this bastard
I don't know when it got in
I have to be in a wheelchair for the next life
Handsome
But let them stop being wives
Sorry Wu Shao
I forgot to tell you.
The current royal stick belongs to Mr. Shen
Mr. Shen is our current boss.
What? That's impossible.
He's a piece of crap.
That's not possible.
How dare you speak rudely to Mr. Shen?
Hit me to death
Okay, okay, I know what's wrong.
Okay.
Bring him to me.
Yes
Throw away the phone
Husband, I'm so useless
I can't even get 2 million investment
He also said shamelessly that he wanted to support you
Now.
Give my dad shares in the company
Okay, don't think too much.
Have a good rest.
Everything and me
Hello sister
Help me contact several companies to invest in temporary groups